New module Az.EdgeOrder[Must to go with November release] (#16482)
Azure/azure-powershell: src/EdgeOrder/readme.md

> <!-- region Generated -->

Reviewer: Please name this file `README.md` like other readmes

# Az.EdgeOrder
This directory contains the PowerShell module for the EdgeOrder service.

---
## Status
[![Az.EdgeOrder](https://img.shields.io/powershellgallery/v/Az.EdgeOrder.svg?style=flat-square&label=Az.EdgeOrder "Az.EdgeOrder")](https://www.powershellgallery.com/packages/Az.EdgeOrder/)

## Info
- Modifiable: yes
- Generated: all
- Committed: yes
- Packaged: yes

---
## Detail
This module was primarily generated via [AutoRest](https://github.com/Azure/autorest) using the [PowerShell](https://github.com/Azure/autorest.powershell) extension.

## Module Requirements
- [Az.Accounts module](https://www.powershellgallery.com/packages/Az.Accounts/), version 2.2.3 or greater

## Authentication
AutoRest does not generate authentication code for the module. Authentication is handled via Az.Accounts by altering the HTTP payload before it is sent.

## Development
For information on how to develop for `Az.EdgeOrder`, see [how-to.md](how-to.md).
<!-- endregion -->

### AutoRest Configuration
> see https://aka.ms/autorest

``` yaml
require:
# readme.azure.noprofile.md is the common configuration file
  - $(this-folder)/../readme.azure.noprofile.md

> input-file:
> # You need to specify your swagger files here.
>   - https://github.com/Azure/azure-rest-api-specs/blob/main/specification/edgeorder/resource-manager/Microsoft.EdgeOrder/stable/2021-12-01/edgeorder.json

Reviewer: ```suggestion
input-file:
# You need to specify your swagger files here.
  - $(repo)/specification/edgeorder/resource-manager/Microsoft.EdgeOrder/stable/2021-12-01/edgeorder.json
branch: input-commit-hash-here
```
Please use the `branch` config to lock the commit hash of the swagger so it's consitent in each generation however swagger changes on main branch.
Example: https://github.com/Azure/azure-powershell/tree/main/src/Aks/Aks.Autorest#autorest-configuration
